We were summoned by Sylvie to Foundry Bro's HQ without hints as to what we were needed for.

Word among the Brothers is that a Crusher(Member of The Crimson Crush) was taken in trussed like a turkey.

Upon Arriving, the group are directed to a darkened room where Sylvie the (forget her 2nd name and race) leader of the FB and Pascal Tutericci (a lieutenant of equal standing to us) are standing over a hooded figure bound to a sturdy chair. 

Sylvie takes the group to a side to brief the group R.E a brief rumble started by Hota Mota (orc CC Sgt) by provoking FB members with threats to the whole of the FB. Whilst this occurs Buddy goes wobbly eyed (watcher spirits scan Pascal, Sylvie and Hota. Black spots found on auras of P and H, nothing mentioned for S. None are magically active)

The group are tasked with interrogating Hota. The return to the holding area to find Pascal had removed the hood and was beating the prisoner. Hal calmly stepped in and took over the interrogation. P was unhappy but new it was orders and stepped back.

Hal started to question in an unthreatening manner. Gunshow stood behind the prisoner so closely his breath could probably be felt. Glitch stayed in the other room to engage in mighty battle with Hota's Comm unit, occasionally listening to the interrogation via comms.

Two epic battles. One of words (and a little menace) the other of Technomantic hide and seek took place. Hal's instinct for people gave him the advantage and using Hota's boastful nature got him to admit there would be an attack that would "Hit the FB in the belly, really put you down and we'll get our turf back." and also that he would be a strike leader with some goons during the event. He also mentioned there was an inside man in the FB aiding the attack.

At a point during the interrogation Buddy made an impatient noise and waved a hand imperiously but nothing happened except he was mocked by Hota.(6hr loss of power for breaking tenets occurs at roughly 12 noon for timekeeping purposes)

Meanwhile, Glitch had struggled to gain master of Hota's Comm (it seeming almost as contrary as the orc that carried it) and gained the intel that Hota would be the leader of 50 lightly armed goons as only part of the action he had mentioned and that all attacks would be against a single target. one problem. Neither Hota or the Comm knew the target only the day Friday 11th..three days hence. 

Feeling that he had milked Hota for everything relevant he contacts Sylvie to pass on the results, ask how they should dispose of the stroppy orcboy and enquire if she knew any likely targets for such a strike that fit the bill. The group were pointed to some Long serving FB members.

After having sevure Hota with Dominic setting a motion detecting RFID and a mini drone on watch, the team moved to speak with the FB Sylvue had Recommended.

Pascal Tutericci offered the Free Market at the corner of New Prosperity & 9th and Industry way, the local Stuff a Shack and thennew Prosperity Monorail station. The party felt none of these likely as the Free Market wasn't open for trade on a Friday and the other two had an amount of Corporate protection and wouldn't greatly affect the FB.

Morgan Kalaikas (dwarf, beefy built and possible lifting buddy of Gunshows) offered Gen Quia Gen Quai DeCaff, Firman Automotive and Feng Huan Trading estate. The first was low chance due to partial corp ownership and not really matching target parameters. Firman is borderline as it's close to HQ and heavily fortified so a lightly armed group would be slaughtered unless the inside man had access to security and even then the FB would be close to hand. Feng Huan was eliminated due to lack of income or real threat to FB by its loss.

Kleopatra Nikoladue(Troll Shaman) Offered Doc Chungs Surgery, Qualid Sune yo Soy processing plant, McDonalds and sons "protein" Farm and Albence Bar open 24/7.  Doc Chungs was eliminated as he provides to all comers neutrally. Qualid Sune yo is semi corp,onky really serves Prosperity is barely guarded and in signal dead zone so our top pick. McD's is run by armed FB and well protected. As for Albence..

Upon the Bar being mentioned Gunshow made a phone call to the Bar to find Albence wasn't available but a meeting and room were available at 7pm today (08-03-2072)
