Game Date 09/03/2072

Continuing their examination of the wrecked and leaking truck the crew find the following. Buddy calls up a soggy spirit of water to control the leak so Dom can do his mechanical/maintenance magic but momentarily diverts it to the wrecked cab of the truck as Glitch screams "FIRE" before bolting a distance away. Gunshow sees Hal trying to examine the mangled remains of the driver and Mitsu and extends his ¼ staff to use as a lever for opening the wreckage up. Hal searches the squelchy pair then the unconscious escort and handing their comms to Glitch for analysis.

Buddy notices his Water spirit is glaring at Gunshow and so takes a moment to steer it clear of him. The spirit tends to the leak so Dom can actually repair the tear. Glitch calls Deke to inform of the trucks demise and send files to cover the crews collective butt. Deke asks how much has leaked and informs Glitch to be wary of exposure and that excessive amounts getting into the water system isn't a desirable outcome. Gunshow recalls the local sewer/water drainage is complete so it should all get to the waste water plant. Dom calls a scrapper contact to come get the trucks remains.

Patch and spray of the trailer completed allows Buddy to send his spirit away with services to spare. The crew make shift to the Soy plant.

En route Glitch examines the three captured comms gaining some cred and an amount of files and emails from Mitsu's detailing much of their activity infiltrating Dekes. The driver is found to be affiliated but not a member of CC.

Qualid sun yu
Returning to the soy plant most of the crew begin to strategise and move crates to fortify. Gunshow got a flask of Kaff and sat on the Catwalk swinging his legs whilst checking his weapons. Dom gets comfy somewhere near Gunshow before sending his drones a scouting. After the crates are arranged Buddy spend much more time than ususal calling another spirit and Hal clombs on the crates for a view and a stage. 2 loaded cars are spotted approaching.

Pulling up dramatically the cars pour forth 10 or so CC grunts who form up and start shouting some waffle that Gunshow ignored as he was taking aim as one of the few CC wielding a pistol. A whole load of the CC zergs ran to the attack only to formation nose dive onto the cracked loading bay.  Hal said something and three CC just got back in their car. Gunshow, not wanting to waste ammo continues aiming at the now prone target in case it's a trick of some kind. Dom on the catwalk and Glitch by the gloop control are both watching from drones. Doms drone sees a group making their way to the prevously broken fire escape only to find a locked and solid barrier. Glitch has the idea to send pics of how the attack is going to the contact he recovered from Mistus comm. oddly, the connection signal seemed to be at this location. All speaks some more to dissuade the foolhardy group who stubbornly lay there. Gunshow aims again whilst enjoying the CC grovelling in the dirt. Buddy decides to speed things up for Gunshow who aims faster. As the standoff continues the crew become aware of more cars approaching. Perhaps The Crew can negotiate using the floormen as hostages, maybe it will be all out war. we shall see
