Game date 09/03/2072
The cracked and weed sprouting forecourt of Qualid Sune Yu soy processing plant as seen through the smartlink on Gunshows' Ak97 is a mound of Crimson crush mid entrance all syacked as neatly as they could manage. Slightly left and back are a small pack of undecided slots that got in and out of their car and looking a bit lost. To add flavour to the pot even more crimson crush turn up, some with fun looking boom sticks. Gunshow pop a sgt with a big gun inna face.
Hal steps back into view with a pushy voice demanding they disarm. To Gunshows utter lack of surprise he got no takers.
Buddies' little friend does some mojo...or maybe more of the same and we have new load of floor enthusiasts.
Some braindrained chip head thought it was time to start shooting and catches Hal. Pistol packing pillocks shot at Buddies spooky sidekick who dances like that Duck in them old toons and nothing hits. Gunshow snorts a hard laugh. A bat wielding nut charges in solo to try their luck only to find Dom's drone waiting to pop him in the face, he is hit but still standing.
Gunshow is wondering why no one is getting into the spirit of the rumble. The C.C should be ashamed.
Glitch has been prodding comms and accounts of the new wave to see if there was anything juicy (i recall there was but not the numbers involved) 
Hal takes it on himself to finish the wounded solo melee attacker. Gunshow can't tell if it's down or dead.
Buddy is feeling all soppy and gets the pistol fellas around SGT shot face to do first aid or something to keep him from croaking. Dom takes a shot at triage guy not realising Buddy is trying to lower casualties.
Gunshow spots and explody thing he can shoot when the next lot turn up if Doms drones tell right. A dirty trollish chuckle rumbles through the rafters.
Hal scrambles to change position whilst staying out of the line of fire atop the crate stacks.
Glitch starts looking through Phone contacts of a SGT.
Doms lets Gunshow know the reinforcements are due any second so he aims whilst Buddies spirit draws fire. 
Gunshow waits til the new wave are in sight before firing. The car fuel tank explodes spinning the vehicle through a ¼ turn and spewing burning fuel over nearby CC. No one dies but happiness is not present.
Glitch, working his virtual arse off has compiled a hilight reel, Tries(and failed) to compile a sprite before trying to contact the most senior CC in any SGT contact list and sends the footage (using it to sneak in and rob the git blind of credit and data)

Someone gets a braincell working at CC HQ and the attack gets called off
Gunshows report "We Wun, they left..ther was guns and munney. yoink"
ooc i belienve the reward was 40k ny to split and 30 karma for all with +4 to me for doing this
