Having shortlisted a group of likely CC targets the group have a quick chat with Sylvie on Hotas fate. Sylvie vetoes killing Hota (quiet disappointed noise from Gunshow) but she also recognised he needed isolating and promised to arrange a somewhat unpleasant 2 weeks for him. After some discussion it was decided to inspect the likely targets A.S.A.P. 

McDonald & Sons protein farm: Cruising to the protein farm the group easily gain entry into the Foundry Brothers run farm and go to work. Glitch dives the in house network for clues to any hint of scouting on camera footage ,cyber attacks or implanted malware. Dom did a full mechanical inspection of the facility. Having found no sign of sabotage but seeing signs of imminent failure in some areas he informs the shift leader who is impressed enough to flash some cred his way (500N¥). Hal and Gunshow meanwhile had checked the facility perimeter for lines of stealthy approach and decide to canvass the nearby apt block. Noting the locals were a tad wary of an armoured Troll with an AK Hal asked Gunshow to wait outside while he does the posh chat. Finding a local resident Hal finds no evidence of CC infiltration or invasion but he did find there were a couple of Elven independent Novacoke dealers working the area which Hal reported to Sylvie. Meanwhile, left to his own devices for a moment, Gunshow decides to scout the stealthy lines of approach he spotted as they'd pulled in. He found them well used by locals but nothing pointing to CC presence. Looking up he sees one of Doms drones flying a higher and wider check and so he turns to rejoin Hal. Feeling they'd done all they could, they moved on to Albins

Albin (interaccented man of mystery): Pulling in to the secure parking area. Dom noticed cameras and Fella noted a rather well secured building and decided he needed a watcher spirit to watch his back in such a relatively crowded place. Having arrived more than an hour early the crew took the chance to drop some cred on a decent meal. Gunshow went to town ordering the finest they had blowing 25 cred and taking his time to enjoy it. Time came for the meeting, temp passcode were sent for the room and the crew entered the inner regions of Albins finding it more richly decorated the further they went. coming to the door most of the crew took a chair whilst Gunshow strode right up to Albins shiny shiny desk to give him an  appropriate (for Gunshow) warning of the possible attack. Albin thought at first it was a possible threat then a shakedown attempt before realising the crew really did just want to warn him. Having laughed off the misunderstanding and dismissing his unseen hit team who appeared from the walls like chameleons (Gunshow was rather distracted for a moment by the effect) and left through a secret door Albin then sent the crew his contact details as a reward for their actions and reasons for same (loyalty1). Gunshow looked puzzled at that for a moment then left for the bar as Hal and Albins did an amount of polite goodbyes. The crew picked him up on the way out and after some discussion decided to immediately drive on to..

Qualid Sune Yo soy processing plant: As the crew approached the plant at 10pm it was easy to see interior was open and well lit. Workers could be seen from a distance and Dom could tell from some distance that the shutters hadn't been closed in some time. Furthermore the crew could see a functional but puny reception door to the right of the loading bay and along the left side of the building a row of fire doors. Pulling up and entering with minimal reaction from workers the crew start the inspection. Dom saw an awful lot of jury rigging in most of the building in an effort to keep the neglected plant running, the shutter doors were beyond repair and nearly everything in the factory was obselete and impossible to get proper parts for. Gunshow went to check the fire doors. Three were relatively solid but the fourth and furthest from reception and the shutters had a broken lock. Meanwhile Hal had gotten a worker to call the Foreman down who was a Normy called Yin who asked what the crew wanted and reminded them the plant had paid protection already. Finding that the crew were here to inspect and maybe improve the plant (i don't have in my notes or recall anyone telling him there may be an attack) he called Cecelia Kaspiak (I'm not guessing polish spelling) before inviting the crew into his office to check files. Hal talked Yin into giving his access codes for the system and Glitch set to work. Knowing it takes a moment tompore over files Gunshow inspected the walkway and looked for roof access and finding none and the walkways solid he returned in time for the interesting bit of the files which had pictures. The most interesting picture was of an Orcgirl named Rebecca Weiss, it had the wrong name and said she was a security guard for a week but Gunshow and Dom knew she was a Crusher. This makes the Soy plant clear favourite for the attack and it may as well be a bloody sieve for defensive purposes.

The crew have two full days to plot, plan and ready a defence for the Friday showdown. Gunshow scouts about for and abandoned vehicle while having a ponder.
