April 2072

After a month of relative downtime, training(mostly gunshow haulng heavy weights about) and spending of 'rightful recompense' the crew are summoned to Sylvies' presence. Gunshow isn't turning to show his new armour plates in the light at all. 

Sylvie calls them to order and lays down the job which is reclaim Peachtree neighbourhood for the FB. Gunshow recalls it as desgned for high class corps that wasn't properly finished enough to move in but the utilities and stuff worked and was ran by drones and stuff. It was also a quiet area built over parkland. He can't recall why no one moves in til Sylie says foks go missing or just die in the street. Remembering a card someone at Mr Albins had given him Gunshow told the crew there was a Bunraku Parlour at 84 Sanctity St which was popular and advertised.

Sylvie nods and says she wants Peachtree for morale but first the crew need to findout what kills folks and stop/solve it. She then leans in and a little more quietly asks the crew to go to an old FB safehouse and grab a lockbox or contents thereof. The crew are then sent to speak with the Shaman Kleopatra.

Kleopatra makes tea (gunshow has a mug, the other accept or decline as they wish) before relating a mystery. People going missing or died in mysterious circumstances and the limited medical folks couldn't fnd anything so they tagged heart attack on every case. locals had taken all sorts of precautions to no effect. Some of the crew start to talk in circles and act spooked. Gunshow sneaked another biscuit.

After a lot of talking in circles the crew get te lead out and head towards Peachtree. Glitch and Dom want to check data links and things in and out of Peachtree only to find a data dead zone encirclng the neighbourhood. Buddy sent 7 watcher spirits. only 4 make it back wih garbked reports he send another wave of 7 which results in only 3 returning and reporting attacks by water spirits.

Gunshow is not a happy bunny.

Buddy resummons his spirit of man which had gone awol from the 2nd wave and it reported being ripped from a wonderful place/state of bliss.

Sounded like a BTLhead to Gunshow.

The crew moved on and into Peachtree proper and seeing an active Stuff'n'Shack. Hal and Glitch wish to investigate. Hal examines the machines to find limited stock whilst Glitch did his thing to check security footage of customers or anything useful recrded bt the stores cameras. A short clip of an Elf buying something whilst talking with other just off screen.

It isn't much to go on and the crew stop for a moment to ponder their next move.
